web/contents/docs/introduction/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Introduction
description: Welcome to readmit!
keywords: ["introduction", "guide", "get started", "readme generator"]
---

## What is readmit?

**Readmit** is a simple CLI tool to generate beautiful READMEs, DOCS or guides for your projects.

Readmit is proudly built with Go.

<CardGrid>
  <Card
    subtitle="Instructions"
    title="Installation"
    description="Get started with readmit using our quick start installation guide to get your project started."
    href="/docs/introduction/installation"
  />
  <Card
    subtitle="Commands"
    title="Commands"
    description="Commands that saaves you hours."
    href="/docs/introduction/setup"
  />
  <Card
    subtitle="Support"
    title="Bugs and Suggestions"
    description="Contact the dev for any suggestions on readmit."
    href="https://treasureuzoma.netlify.app/"
    external={true}
  />
</CardGrid>

## How to Use This Documentation

This documentation is designed to guide you through everything you need to know about using readmit. Here’s how to get started:

- **Getting Started**: Learn how to install supametrics for the first time.
- **Features**: Explore detailed guides on each feature.

## Prerequisites

Before using readmit, ensure you have the following:

- Go installed (https://go.dev).
- Basic understanding of using CLIs.

## Key Features

**Readmit** offers a wide range of features to empower your analytics journey:

| Feature                        | Description                                                                         |
| ------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Readme generatimg**          | Generates a `README.md` file in the current directory.                              |
| **CONTRIBUTION.md generating** | Generates a `CONTRIBUTING.md` file in the current directory.                        |
| **Commit messages**            | Generates a commit message and prints it to the console (based on your Git diff).   |
| **Dockerfiles**                | Generates an optimized `Dockerfile` for your project.                               |
| **Vulnerability Report**       | Generates a `REPORT.md` file containing all your codebases vulnerability with fixes |

## Follow my socials

Follow me on social media to be the first to know when a new feature or bug is fixed

- [GitHub](https://github.com/treasureuzoma)
- [Blog](https://idolodevblog.vercel.app)
- [X (Twitter)](https://x.com/idolodev)

Commit message:

feat: add gitignore support, --with-commit flag, and update dependencies

web/contents/docs/introduction/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Introduction
description: Welcome to readmit!
keywords: ["introduction", "guide", "get started", "readme generator"]
---

## What is readmit?

**Readmit** is a simple CLI tool to generate beautiful READMEs, DOCS or guides for your projects.

Readmit is proudly built with Go.

<CardGrid>
  <Card
    subtitle="Instructions"
    title="Installation"
    description="Get started with readmit using our quick start installation guide to get your project started."
    href="/docs/introduction/installation"
  />
  <Card
    subtitle="Commands"
    title="Commands"
    description="Commands that saaves you hours."
    href="/docs/introduction/setup"
  />
  <Card
    subtitle="Support"
    title="Bugs and Suggestions"
    description="Contact the dev for any suggestions on readmit."
    href="https://treasureuzoma.netlify.app/"
    external={true}
  />
</CardGrid>

## How to Use This Documentation

This documentation is designed to guide you through everything you need to know about using readmit. Here’s how to get started:

- **Getting Started**: Learn how to install supametrics for the first time.
- **Features**: Explore detailed guides on each feature.

## Prerequisites

Before using readmit, ensure you have the following:

- Go installed (https://go.dev).
- Basic understanding of using CLIs.

## Key Features

**Readmit** offers a wide range of features to empower your analytics journey:

| Feature                        | Description                                                                         |
| ------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Readme generating**          | Generates a `README.md` file in the current directory.                              |
| **CONTRIBUTION.md generating** | Generates a `CONTRIBUTING.md` file in the current directory.                        |
| **Commit messages**            | Generates a commit message (or automatically commits with `--with-commit`).         |
| **Dockerfiles**                | Generates an optimized `Dockerfile` for your project.                               |
| **Vulnerability Report**       | Generates a `REPORT.md` file containing all your codebases vulnerability with fixes |
| **.gitignore Support**         | Respects project `.gitignore` rules and safely skips non-existent files.            |

## Follow my socials

Follow me on social media to be the first to know when a new feature or bug is fixed

- [GitHub](https://github.com/treasureuzoma)
- [Blog](https://idolodevblog.vercel.app)
- [X (Twitter)](https://x.com/idolodev)
