web/contents/docs/introduction/setup/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Setup
description: Setting up readmit for your project
keywords: ["setup", "configuration"]
---

Using readmit is straightforward.

## Usage

The `readmit` CLI provides a `generate` command to create various types of documentation files.

```bash
readmit generate [type]
```

### Available `type` options:

- `readme`: Generates a `README.md` file in the current directory.
- `contribution`: Generates a `CONTRIBUTING.md` file in the current directory.
- `commit`: Generates a commit message and prints it to the console (based on your Git diff).
- `dockerfile`: Generates an optimized `Dockerfile` for your project.

### Examples:

**Generate a `README.md` file:**

```bash
readmit generate readme
```

**Generate a `CONTRIBUTING.md` file:**

```bash
readmit generate contribution
```

**Generate a commit message:**

```bash
readmit generate commit
```

**Generate a `Dockerfile`:**

```bash
readmit generate dockerfile
```

**Generate a `REPORT.md file` (Check for vulnerabilities):**

```bash
readmit watchtower
```

Now Enjoy

Commit message:

feat: add gitignore support, --with-commit flag, and update dependencies

web/contents/docs/introduction/setup/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Setup
description: Setting up readmit for your project
keywords: ["setup", "configuration"]
---

Using readmit is straightforward.

## Usage

The `readmit` CLI provides a `generate` command to create various types of documentation files.

```bash
readmit generate [type]
```

### Available `type` options:

- `readme`: Generates a `README.md` file in the current directory.
- `contribution`: Generates a `CONTRIBUTING.md` file in the current directory.
- `commit`: Generates a commit message and prints it to the console (based on your Git diff).
- `dockerfile`: Generates an optimized `Dockerfile` for your project.

### Examples:

**Generate a `README.md` file:**

```bash
readmit generate readme
```

**Generate a `CONTRIBUTING.md` file:**

```bash
readmit generate contribution
```

**Generate a commit message:**

```bash
readmit generate commit
```

**Generate and automatically apply a commit:**

```bash
readmit generate commit --with-commit
```

**Generate a `Dockerfile`:**

```bash
readmit generate dockerfile
```

**Generate a `REPORT.md file` (Check for vulnerabilities):**

```bash
readmit watchtower
```

Now Enjoy
